README.md, before:

# Collaboration Tools



## What is this?

This repository is designed to hold scripts used by SRI's ITS Collaboration group for different activities.  May this be automation, administration, or maintenance type of activities.  

Be aware that this respository can have a combination of different language types (PowerShell, JavaScript, PHP, Python, etc...)

## How to use:

1. Clone the Repository
2. navigate to the appropriate folder
3. Use the scripts provided

## Contributing:

To contribute to this repository, please follow the below standards.

- Clone this repository.
- Perform a fetch/pull on the master branch to ensure you have the latest version.
- Create a folder and name it clearly (ie: "Insider People Search Sync").
- Add a Readme.md file to the root of the newly created directory.
-- Add a section for an overall description and the purpose of the tool
-- Add instructions on how to run the tool
-- Add Author information.   If taking over the maintenance of the tool, replace the original author name with yours. 
-- Add and commit your changes
-- Push back to remote repository.

Commit message:

Updated readme.md with security advice

README.md, after:

# Collaboration Tools

## Important Security Considerations

Please avoid storing passwords or private keys in this repository.  Please utilize the .env file to store such information.   Gitignore will ignore .env files.   It is recommended to set an .env-example file with dummy data in its place.

## What is this?

This repository is designed to hold scripts used by SRI's ITS Collaboration group for different activities.  May this be automation, administration, or maintenance type of activities.  

Be aware that this respository can have a combination of different language types (PowerShell, JavaScript, PHP, Python, etc...)

## How to use:

1. Clone the Repository
2. navigate to the appropriate folder
3. Use the scripts provided

## Contributing:

To contribute to this repository, please follow the below standards.

- Clone this repository.
- Perform a fetch/pull on the master branch to ensure you have the latest version.
- Create a folder and name it clearly (ie: "Insider People Search Sync").
- Add a Readme.md file to the root of the newly created directory.
-- Add a section for an overall description and the purpose of the tool
-- Add instructions on how to run the tool
-- Add Author information.   If taking over the maintenance of the tool, replace the original author name with yours. 
-- Add and commit your changes
-- Push back to remote repository.
